Add Helix guidelines (#13)
SoulcodeAgency/SitecoreRadar: content/Helix-Guidelines.md

---
name: Helix Guidelines # this is the Title of your Blip
ring: Adopt # Values: [Hold | Assess | Trial | Adopt]
quadrant: Techniques # Values: [Tools-And-Libraries | Techniques | Modules | Products] - Make sure to keep these exact values, the Radar is also case sensitive.
isNew: TRUE # Values: [TRUE | FALSE] - Make sure to keep the value all uppercase.
---

> The [Helix Guidelines](https://helix.sitecore.com/) should not require an introduction anymore. It is the defacto standard for Sitecore developers to structure, architect and build Solutions.

Reviewer: `defacto` seems to be a company :) According to [Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/De_facto), `de facto` would be correct

Author: Latin is hard :) - thanks for your thorough review!

> The [Helix Guidelines](https://helix.sitecore.com/) should not require an introduction anymore. It is the defacto standard for Sitecore developers to structure, architect and build Solutions.

Author: ```suggestion
The [Helix Guidelines](https://helix.sitecore.com/) should not require an introduction anymore. It is the de facto standard for Sitecore developers to structure, architect and build Solutions.
```

Author: @schwindelig suggestions are also supported with GH reviews :)
